why come on 25th Thursday 25th October
2012 and general stores because why
because all the photos you know we say
because the vibrations will stop for
a bit so we basically wanted to
throwing a closing event
I would say the closing before a long one
and real break
the reflection is reflected the thought is not
a dissolution is a real one
pause short of pause there are often
because then maybe others are prepared
discs instead this case there is not one
true pause we will not prepare anything but
everyone prepare different things and
I will make the journey because it is a must
I think at this point also humanly it is
but in short, one stops with love with
peace car let's get a sign of home
that you listen to me
here too there are people who are not
and it confuses you you stay
guests maybe don't know though fucking dinners
green arrow of the vibrations that
because later that is more is then after one must
settle for what the view
Italian offers you
if I close my eyes and think of you
it's like flying over trees knowing that
he sent me more beautiful will be to reach you
deliberation go so much I made a
lot of things but so many that
often many very beautiful if I know of it
they are also a little lost a bit like that
in the area because we really gave
and sometimes even maybe given some gods
we have great moments, though
enjoyed everyone
meanwhile an intensity that I think it is
in fact, now it is a break
and turn the page and then find each other again
definitely very fast but a
tomorrow maybe the break is also for
to bring out what is perhaps
remained a little below because you know though
let decant leave to settle
exact because when exact a wine is
good must wait for it first
that all the aromas come out
for
but the story is simple, it would be enough to give
a return to the spurs origins is
need to go away even banging the
head to wall to understand then is the
first verse of dedicated theme that not
at random the first one thinks of the times there is
need to leave and leave everything
done
as I have often said the vibrations
they will come back when the time is right
appropriate for everyone well then this
point we can only reiterate the sum
the invitation can be seen on October 25th those
general stores for this super mega
greetings party with vibration point
and indeed we remind you that on the 24th therefore the
instead the evening before will be heard then
seems to connect with 105 for net express
or medium explaining why it exists
to tell a dear spire form
greetings to all on stage friends and
tvn from stefano verderi francesca sarti
because usually more and more presence
themes such as the still short
vibration
I did not understand sorry